.Dd January 4, 2023
.Dt CHROME-SHELL 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm chrome-shell
.Nd A native messaging host for executing shell commands.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Ar options
.Op Ar command
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a native messaging host for executing shell commands.
.Sh USAGE
If no
.Ar command
is specified, the
.Cm run
command is assumed.
.Ss Allow extensions to communicate with the shell application
Copy the extension IDs you want to register in the manifest and run the following in your terminal.
.Bd -ragged -offset indent
.Nm
.Cm install
.Op Fl -target Ns = Ns Ar platform
.Op Ar extension_ids
.Ed
.Pp
Possible targets are
.Cm chrome ,
.Cm chrome-dev ,
.Cm chrome-beta ,
.Cm chrome-canary
and
.Cm chromium .
.Ss Revoke all permissions
Simply uninstall the manifest.
.Bd -ragged -offset indent
.Nm
.Cm uninstall
.Ed
.Sh COMMANDS
The commands are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Cm run
Run server.
.It Cm install
Install manifest and register specified extensions.
.Pp
Accepts a list of extension ID values.
Each value represents an extension which is allowed to communicate with this native application.
.It Cm uninstall
Uninstall manifest.
.El
.Sh OPTIONS
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Fl -target Ns = Ns Ar platform
Specifies the target
.Ar platform .
.Pp
Possible values are
.Cm chrome ,
.Cm chrome-dev ,
.Cm chrome-beta ,
.Cm chrome-canary
and
.Cm chromium .
.Pp
Default is
.Cm chrome .
.It Fl v
Increases the level of verbosity
.Pq the max level is Fl vvv .
.It Fl -log Ns = Ns Ar file
Specifies the
.Ar file
to use for logging.
.Pp
Default is
.Pa stderr .
.It Fl h , Fl -help
Show this help.
.It Fl V , Fl -version
Show version.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Bl -dash -compact
.It
.Lk https://github.com/taupiqueur/chrome-shell/blob/master/docs/your-first-extension.md Your first extension ,
.It
.Lk https://github.com/taupiqueur/chrome-shell/blob/master/docs/api.md API reference .
.El
.Sh CONTRIBUTING
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Report bugs on the
.Lk https://github.com/taupiqueur/chrome-shell/issues issue tracker ,
.It ask questions on the
.Lk https://web.libera.chat/gamja/#taupiqueur IRC channel ,
.It send patches on the
.Lk https://github.com/taupiqueur/chrome-shell/pulls mailing list .
.El
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Mathieu Ablasou Aq Mt taupiqueur.kanto@gmail.com
